docs: drop weasel words (#22165)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/minimal-reproductions.md

### "I already described what you need in the issue"

Thank you for describing your issue in detail.

> But we still need a minimal reproduction to see the current and expected behavior.

Author: Maintainer input needed for the correct words here. 😉

> But we still need a minimal reproduction to see the current and expected behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But we still need a minimal reproduction in a repository, and we'd like you to be the one to make sure it matches both your description as well as expected behavior.
```
